Merge Robot ai seperation (#4)
PawnHubChess/client-board: README.md

Reviewer: Great readme!

### Motors
The `motor` and `motor_move` modules host classes which are responsible for the general movement of the robot's motors. The `motor` module sets up the connection between Raspberry Pi and motors by configuring their pins. The `motor_move` inherits from the `motor` and hosts all functions that make the motors move with the parameters given on call.

### Piece Coordinates
The `piece_coordinates` module hosts the `ChessPiece` class which is responsible for the translation of the different move coordinate formats across all used applications. 
- Converts backend suitable coordinates into motor suitable coordinates
	- Converts JSON string dictionaries into integers
	- Calculates the numerical difference in X- and Y-coordinate for each move and returns it to the motors
- Converts backend suitable coordinates into AI suitable coordinates and vice versa
	- Converts JSON string dictionaries into algebraic notation and vice versa

Additionally it hosts a `fen_visualiser` function which prints the current board state, in the form of a 2D array, into the console.

### Units
Saves all required units, which are used for motor movements.

### Pins

> Saves the pins regulation for the connection of Raspberry Pi and motors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saves the pin assignment for the connection of Raspberry Pi and motors.
```
While the original is understandable, this way, it is clearer what it refers to.
